Hi within this section regrouping to build an image recognition app and in order to use this regrouping
to use machine learning models and of course before we do that we have to learn what machine learning
is and what a model is.
In order to do that let's go to developer dot apple dot com.
I'm very gonna be searching some framework called car and owl so come over here to search bar a right
car I'm out and you will see the first result that we're going to get is the core amount and this is
a framework that lets us integrate machine learning models in our app.
So we're going to be seeing what this is.
So click on this car IMO.
And we going to see the documentation.
So actually in machine learning we create models and we train these models to teach them about the subject.
For example we can create a model and teach that model how to recognize an image like if we show the
monkey image to a model.
It can say that yep this is probably a monkey.
Okay.
And in this section in fact we're not going to be training models.
We're not going gonna be creating models but we're going to use open source models to integrate our
apps so that we can leverage this technique Teague in order to create what we want.
And if you want to learn further about training models if you want to first learn about artificial intelligence
or machine learning I believe this is another cautious subject like maybe you want to work with Python.
That's much more convenient programming language to work on machine learning models than Swift but thanks
to Apple we can use those man models in swift in order to create some machine learning apps.
So in here we are going to create an image recognition app and we're going to do exactly what I have
told you regarding to show this model and monkey image and it will say US yep this is probably a monkey.
OK.
So if you come over this documentation you will see some necessary first steps to take in order to create
this kind of application.
And in here you will see something like integrating a core amount model into your app and getting your
core demand model and converting these models to core a mouth framework.
OK.
And we going to start by finding a related model for our app under actually good open source models.
If you click over here to getting core and mount model and in here you will see something like models.
OK.
And if you click on that it will take you to this website.
This is machine learning slash models.
OK.
And don't worry I'm going to upload this model to my github account as well you can download it from
here.
You can find the link at the end of the section but I suggest you come over here and take a look at
these models.
For example we have some image classification mock modelling here called mobile Net V2 and we have other
models as well.
But we're going to be working with this one in this cause like we have the squeeze that we have these
rights not they're all image classification models.
OK.
And we have other models here as well like a drawing classification but we're going to focus on this
image classification.
If you click over here you will see some options off this model.
And we're going to see what these options stand for later on.
But for right now no that's where you're going to be working with this mobile Net V2.
And in fact you can work with other models like resonate or screws net as well.
They will all work in the way that I will show you because we are going to see how to work with machine
learning models in general.
OK.
So that's what we're going to build in this section.
Now let's stop here.
And then in the next lecture we're going to start creating Gover app.